Vm size (#99738)
Azure/azure-content: articles/service-fabric/how-to-managed-cluster-modify-node-type.md

## Modify the VM SKU for a node type

> To modify the VM SKU size used for a node type using an ARM Template, adjust the `vmSize` property with the new value and do a cluster deployment for the setting to take effect. The managed cluster provider will reimage each instance by upgrade domain.  For a list of SKU options, please refer to the [VM sizes - Azure Virtual Machines | Microsoft Learn](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machines/sizes).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To modify the VM SKU size used for a node type using an ARM Template, adjust the `vmSize` property with the new value and do a cluster deployment for the setting to take effect. The managed cluster provider will reimage each instance by upgrade domain.  For a list of SKU options, please refer to the [VM sizes - Azure Virtual Machines | Microsoft Learn](../virtual-machines/sizes.md).  
```

> To modify the VM SKU size used for a node type using an ARM Template, adjust the `vmSize` property with the new value & do a cluster deployment for the setting to take effect. The managed cluster provider will reimage each instance by upgrade domain.  For a list of SKU options, please refer to the [VM sizes - Azure Virtual Machines | Microsoft Learn](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/sizes).  

Reviewer 2: I am wondering if you want to use the word **and** instead of **&**?
